# Change Log
## 1.1.0 - 2018-07-30
### Added
* Add support for C module 

## 1.0.0 - 2018-06-27
### Added
* Add "Add IoT Edge Module" item to the context menu of "modules" folder
* Add support for Node.js module 

### Changed
* Default route is added into deployment.template.json when adding module
* Docker registry credential is now managed in deployment.template.json

### Removed
* Azure IoT Edge: Setup Edge
* Azure IoT Edge: Start Edge
* Azure IoT Edge: Setup Edge using configuration file
* Azure IoT Edge: Generate Edge setup configuration file
* Azure IoT Edge: Stop Edge
* Azure IoT Edge: Restart Edge
* Azure IoT Edge: Uninstall IoT Edge
* Azure IoT Edge: Log in to container registry
* Azure IoT Edge: Convert to IoT Edge Module

## 0.4.0 - 2018-05-24
### Added
* Import existing modules from Azure Container Registry when adding new modules to the solution
* Respect .env file in the root of the solution folder
* Automatically start local registry when it is used by a module

### Changed
* Update files generated by the "Azure IoT Edge: Convert to IoT Edge Module" command to align with Azure IoT Edge .NET templates' recent releases

### Known Issues
* [#161](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-azure-iot-edge/issues/161) You may encounter "Entry not found in cache" error when importing ACR modules randomly, especially after idling VS Code for several hours. To work around this issue, please open command palette and run "Reload Window" or restart VS Code. We are investigating the issue and will post an update once the issue is resolved.

## 0.3.0 - 2018-05-02
### Added
* Import existing module from container registry when adding new module to solution
* Support adding extra Docker build options in the `buildOptions` array of module.json
* New IntelliSense features (watch the screencasts [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-azure-iot-edge/issues/115))
  * Dockerfile path validation in module.json
  * Image placeholder validation in deployment.template.json
  * Dockerfile content hover preview in deployment.template.json
  * Go-to-Dockerfile in deployment.template.json
* "Azure" branding to command palette category

### Changed
* Always check out the `master` branch of [Cookiecutter template](https://github.com/Azure/cookiecutter-azure-iot-edge-module/) when adding Python module

## 0.2.0 - 2018-03-27
### Added
* Introduce IoT Edge Solution which includes multiple modules and a deployment manifest template (deployment.template.json)
* Command "New IoT Edge Solution".
* Command "Build IoT Edge Module Image".
* Command "Build and Push IoT Edge Module Image".
* Command "Build IoT Edge Solution".
* Command "Generate IoT Edge Deployment Manifest".
* Command "Add IoT Edge Module".
* Command "Convert to IoT Edge Module". The command helps the migration from legacy modules. Please refer to the [migration steps](MIGRATION_STEPS.md) for detail.
* Add IntelliSense support in deployment.template.json file of IoT Edge Solution.
* Support of the Python IoT Edge Module.

### Removed
* Command "Build IoT Edge module" has been removed. Use command "Build IoT Edge Module Image" to build the module image in this new version.
* Command "Build IoT Edge module Docker image" has been removed. Use command "Build IoT Edge Module Image" to build the module image in this new version.
* Command "Push IoT Edge module Docker image" has been removed. Use command "Build and Push IoT Edge Module Image" to build and push the module image in this new version.

### Changed
* IoT Edge Module folder structure has been changed.
  * module.json file is added to the project root to manage the version and platform.
  * Dockerfiles for different platforms are moved to the project root.
  * For C# IoT Edge module, the build binary steps are now put into Dockerfile. So module could be built without building C# project first.

## 0.1.3 - 2017-12-25
### Added
* Add support for F#

## 0.1.2 - 2017-12-06
### Added
* Add Command Palette integration for build module command
* Cache last used image name

## 0.1.1 - 2017-11-17
### Changed
* Show 'Build IoT Edge module' command only on csproj file

## 0.1.0 - 2017-11-13
### Added
* Support for developing and debugging C# module and C# Function.
* Context menu for `*.csproj` and `Dockerfile` for C# module and Function development.
* Support for creating Edge deployment with Azure IoT Hub for single Edge device.
* Integration of the basic functionalities of `azure-iot-edge-runtime-ctl`.
* Context menu in Device List to manage IoT Edge runtime and IoT Edge devices.
* Telemetry to understand which commands developers find useful. This will help us refine which commands we add in the future.
> Please note, you can turn off telemetry reporting for VS Code and all extensions through the ["telemetry.enableTelemetry": false setting](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/supporting/faq#_how-to-disable-telemetry-reporting).
